# WT_CW1_00017375

This project provides insightful information about the fictional restaurant’s service that showcase offerings and key information of the company. The key advantages of the website’s structure are represented in it’s simplicity, responsivity, and intuitiveness.
The main purpose of the website – provide a laconic and at the same time descriptive and easily understandable information about the service that clients could get, where the information is provided in visually appealing and interactive style. 
The website contains 4 responsive pages, each of them indicates specific restaurant’s aspect, which are represented in the pages “Home”, “Menu”, “About Us”, and “Contact Us”.  The Homepage meets the users with large images of dishes, highlighting the main specification of the organization’s service, which is expanded with brief information about the restaurant’s culture and concepts, providing meaningful information regarding the restaurant principles to users, who might meet this restaurant for the first time, so that information could be beneficial to get familiar with the restaurant. Therefore, the page consisting of information about the menu gives to users a short information about the dishes, where the most emphasis is put on the images of the dishes. It also includes useful information in a short style about the meal content, such as amount of calories in the meal and its consisting to make the information about the meal’s components more accessible for the users. Additionally, in this page prevails immersive features, such as interactive elements and user-friendly navigation, to enhance the user engagement and overall experience of the website usage. At the same time, the page “About Us” contains expanded information about the restaurant’s service and the page “Contact Us” – form for giving feedback regarding the service that includes an inquiry form, address, phone number, and email.
Finally, the tabs in the website heading are aimed to make the navigation more intuitive and easier, where the buttons have the response functionality. Also, there are links to the company’s social media accounts in the website footer for quick access to them. This project mixes the combo of 3 website creating technologies: html5, css3 and JavaScript, where html5’s role is to structure content and the main aims of css3 and JavaScript – maintaining visual and styling parameters.

Link:
https://pink-viva-25.tiiny.site/
